c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.xr.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\Page2.xbf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.g.i.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.xaml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\App.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\Page2.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.xr.xml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.exe
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.pdb
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\resources.pri
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.build.appxrecipe
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.g.i.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.xaml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.xaml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.xbf
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.exe
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.pdb
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
F:\WhereToDoWhat\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\Page2.xbf
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.xr.xml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.exe
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.pdb
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\bin\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.xaml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\Page2.xbf
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.exe
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\WhereToDoWhat.pdb
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\WhereToDoWhat1\WhereToDoWhat\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
